docs: add user documentation (#227)
SAP/neonbee: docs/usage/verticles/WatchVerticle.md

# WatchVerticle

> The `WatchVerticle` is a Vert.x verticle that wraps the Java WatchService API. It allows you to monitor changes to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `WatchVerticle` is a JobVerticle that wraps the Java WatchService API. It allows you to monitor changes to a
```

specified directory, such as the creation, modification, or deletion of files or directories within it. By default, the
`WatchVerticle` checks for changes every 500 milliseconds, but this interval can be customized by providing a different
value as an argument to the constructor.

The `WatchVerticle` provides three methods that can be overridden by subclasses to specify custom behavior in response to
the three types of events that the WatchService API can detect: `observedCreate`, `observedModify`, and

> `observedDelete`. Subclasses can also override the start method to specify any additional initialization or setup that

Reviewer: Maybe you can mention here at least the "parallelProcessing" or even the "handleExisting" params.
